Father and uncle
What is it like to be noisy?
No matter how noisy you are, get me out
Okay ma'am, don't be angry
Xiaofeng and the others also want to see me
You go out first
Just get used to them
moon
Dad, how are you now?
Uncle Qian, you are here too
So many years
Make you feel wronged
I don't feel wronged, I know Uncle Qian is for my own good
Don't worry.
The doctor said I was fine
I'm just a little weak
Worried you
Uncle is fine
That way we can rest assured.
Satsuki told me all about you
Uncle, I'm sorry.
Get you involved
You were appointed by the Sun family
If the second uncle says this, he will see the outside world.
I am also a Qin family
Your business is my business
Besides, we don't have a choice
Okay?
Yeah, no choice.
Dad, tell us what's going on
Is there anything missing from my brother's refund?
In fact, the truth
It's almost the same as what Xiaofeng pushed in.
From this point on
Xiaofeng is really amazing
From a trap box to get this far
Beyond my expectations
It's all luck
Luck is also part of ability
But
You got one thing wrong.